Present:
AGB, Tobias, George, Richard, Abouzied, Jonathan, Peter, Edo,
Benedict.




- Actions
Action: Alastair to try to nudge commercial partners.
          - katie has done this.
Action: Richard to speak to Katie just before next meeting.
          - commercial partners haven't yet responded.  Nudged again,
	  no response, so sending a personalised message.  They are
	  getting no money.  So, trying to set up a 2-tier
	  collaboration agreement, with an academic version and a
	  light weight industrial version.  This has gone to head of
	  Durham Legal office.  Our agreement will pay Manchester
	  etc.  Newcastle already takes this approach.  
Action: email around working group meetings that are known about.
	Stephen - tried to prompt, but no response.
Action: Richard will look at setting up a meeting in January for a cross-excalibur meeting.

Action: Report back on STFC meeting from 19th Nov.
Action: Richard to look at the cross-cutting funding.

  - General updates

STFC meeting on Thursday - AGB putting some slides together.
  Peter, Edo and Jonathan will also attend.  Report back next session.
Introductions.
Mini-apps discussion - sph missing from the US set.  So aim to put sph
  into a miniapp.  Perhaps these should be called proof of concepts.

Define the high prio use cases for the next round.

  - Contracts (Richard)
  - Hydro weak-scaling (Edo)
K-H instability plots.  In 3d.  Tiling cubes for weak scaling.
Problem with odd-sized cubes, seem to be using the last node whole,
rather then half a socket.  Doesn't seem to make sense - PWD will take
a look.

  - RDMA updates (Peter)
Trying to get swift running with single-sided MPI.  Runs with SHM
comms, but deadlocks with fabric.
Sends always synchronous, receives always async. But can have problems
with deadlocks.  Currently only 1-1. not yet many-many.



  - Individual workpackage update [all]
  - Training (Tobias?)
  - Outreach (?)
Â  - Others/AOB?
STFC meeting this week.

Cross cutting funding - need to take action by 4th Dec, funding
programmes starting in the new year.  

We should probably do something about this.  Richard to take a look.
Need to be clear about whether Excalibur or met office.  
