Attending: BDR, SL, GF, AN, PD

Actions:
BDR to ask Alastair about ownership of meetings while RGB is out of action
BDR to ask AB if PAX-HPC is aware of RGB status?
BDR/SL/AB Check with people not attending.

Updates:
AN: Fellowship writing
PD: explained the apparent gap in the task schedule shown in the previous meeting (was not a bug, but due to code changes from
others creating independent tasks).  Current waiting scheme needs some tuning (with recvs happening a long way into timestep).

BDR: SPHERIC Abstract in writing, to be shared later this week.

