Present: Alastair, Richard, Abouzied, George, David, Tobias, Edo,
Peter, Jonathan, Benedict.

- Actions
Action: Richard to speak to Katie just before next meeting.
Action: email around working group meetings that are known about.
Action: Richard will look at setting up a meeting in January for a cross-excalibur meeting.
Action: Richard Set up coordination between working groups
Action: Richard Swift training day in January
Action: Alastair - website/minutes


  - General updates
SP... call which should be bid for.  Tobias has submitted this.  task
based parallelism as a cross cutting thing.  But doing it by
interviewing PIs.

Gen-X meeting a week ago.  Tried to do interactive whiteboard.  This
worked surprisingly well.  Virtual postit notes.  Anonymous.  Content
takeaway: particular community, much not relevant to everybody.  Can
you use 1 big exascale simulation?  Mileage varies with this.
Different communities will look at this at different levels.

Swift does a lot of parameter variation and fitting.

Parallel-in-time could be a solution for strong scaling.

Is exascale a training exercise for petascale, rather like knl was?

Possibility of using excalibur money to support sph-sig, workshops.

What do we pick as a particular topic?  Parallel in time stuff, task
based parallelism.  Need something badged as part of the project, but
wants to be something people want to do.

Makes sense to leave some of the dissemination until later.  Signal to
some of the right groups that we will do something.

Need to coordinate between the working groups.  Compile what people
are planning.  Invite working group leaders, to give 5 minute
presentation at a 1 hour session.  About how to run cross cutting
themes, and what workshops are you putting on.

Or look at a website to host this info?

Richard to do this for next time.

Do we want to look at an astrophysics related theme?  Swift training
day.  January.  Richard to look at doing this.

Alastair to look at a website for hosting minutes.




  - Contracts (Richard)
2 responses from commercial partners, feeding in comments into the
document.  Stuff is progressing.  

  - Hydro weak-scaling (Edo)
Weak scaling update improved.  Now allocating 28 ranks in slurm, but
using 27 of them.

Need to crank up number of nodes, rather than ranks.

Exact weak scaling test should be run without metis.

Could go up to 7x7x7 on cosma7. 

  - RDMA updates (Peter)
Some progress implementing one sided mpi in swift.  Single exchanges.
Runs a bit slowly.  Trying to use windowed mpi.  Works for 2 nodes,
but not more.  About as fast for 2 nodes as normal mpi.  Should then
be easy to plug in rdma rather than mpi.  Talking between nodes,
tearing down and up could become a bottleneck. 

  - Abouzied update:
Getting to grips with the code, compiling etc, getting ideas of how to
use dualsphysics with swift.

Initially focussing on getting gpu kernels to work with swift.

Then move on to async comms with cuda.

Start with the hydro part?

Compile in minimal sph setup.  Run a cubic box with nothing in it and
see where the different parts are being called.

  - Individual workpackage update [all]
  - Training (Tobias?)
  - Outreach (?)
  - Others/AOB?
