Present: Alastair, David Acreman, Richard Bower, Benedict, Rogers,
Peter Draper, Tobias Weinzierl, Tom De Vuyst, Jonathan Frawley,
Stephen Longshaw, George Fourtakas, Abouzied Nasar, Matthieu Schaller, Scott
Kay, Edo Altamura.

Action: email around working group meetings that are known about.
Action: Richard Set up coordination between working groups
Action: Richard Swift training day in February - workshop in Feb/Marc
Action: Ali contact Olly Perks at ARM - Done
Action: Ali setup NDA with networking company - Done

- General updates
=================

Swift traing day now a workshop in Feb/March.
Stephen in touch with rolls royce/asimov project. Keen to get in
touch.
Simon Makintosh Smith talking about Excalibur hardware, and what we're
likely to have.
Need more industry speakers, have space for 4.

Ben contacted motor sport company, provisionally yes, but don't want
to give away trade secrets.

Ben contacted national nuclear lab - keen to attend, but not sure
about whether will talk.

Tom - spoken to ESI - all sorts of simulation software.  And will
speak to someone in JLR.

Carlos to talk on astrophys side.

Stephen to contact EDF.  And Airbus.

Technical partners - probably not.

Want to get date tied down, but needs clarification from speakers
first. 

  - Contracts (Richard)
Required desperately.  Just need Leiden now.  Set up something
separate with NVIDIA.  

  - Excalibur funding call
Call from Met Office.  Cross cutting proposals have partly gone into
this, but with some changes.  Groups already doing this with some
success - probably referring to us.  Doesn't really reflect what we
do.  Surprised - old fashioned, should be additional level of task
based parallelism.  Seemed more along the lines of coupling different
tasks.

Call for disruptive tech.  Parallelism is more than coupling codes.
Possibly not what they're expecting.

More detail will be released by EPSRC in early February.

Met Office running this like a tender.  Scope is 1 or more of the high
prio use cases.  Want applied to specific thing but with ref to other
areas.  e.g. swift already does, but could be applied to met office.

5th March deadline.  Tobias to lead.

Dave to set up a call with Beth at the Met Office (Richard, Tobias,
David).

Separate proposals, SPH working group = 1 proposal.  Gemma will also
put in a parallel in-time proposal.  Approaching from opposite end.
Look at the task graph, take expensive parts out.  Talk to Beth about
this.  

  - Hydro weak-scaling (Edo)
Investigating possibility of doing large weak scaling tests.  Made
initial conditions.  Some runs are large, several hundred nodes.

Options either a reservation, or wait until after downtime, and have
it launch then.  Run once with intel mpi and once with openmpi.  

  - RDMA updates (Peter)
Still working on it.  Code about as fast as MPI.  Digging into why not
seeing improvements.  Seems to hit theoretical limits.  But might be
some workarounds.  Seems to be memory bandwidth to a single core at
the moment.  

- GPU update (Abouzied)
Understanding swift.  How to use quickshed.  Split gpu tasks into
streams, to overlay data transfer and computation.  Discussion of how
to partition into GPU


  - Individual workpackage update [all]
  - Training (Tobias?)
  - Outreach (?)
  - Others/AOB?


- Actions
Action: email around working group meetings that are known about.
Action: Richard Set up coordination between working groups
- haven't found a way to do this yet.
Action: Richard Swift training day in January
 - sponsor the next sph-sig meeting and make it exascale ambition.
 Get Carlos to talk on astrophys side, someone from eng side, and
 possibly someone from met office.  Next level of ambition.  From eng
 perspective, could try eng companies.  Benedict can approach some of
 their sponsors.  Where would we like to be in 5-10 years time.  Scope
 out what we would imagine being able to do on an excalibur-like
 system.  Someone to give an overview of hardware likely to come
 online.  Perhaps Simon McIntosh Smith.  Mid-late Feb.  Possibly 24th.
 Offer to hold the training sessions after the talks, but get people
 to express interest in advance.  Longshaw mail list to be used.
Tom and Ben to talk to industry contacts.  Stephen to send something
to Lee Lapworth at Rolls Royce. 

Action: AGB prompt Olly Perks at Arm.
Action: AGB to set up NDA with networking company.

 - General updates
New PoC with networking company.

 - Contracts (Richard)
All should have received Katie's email about the contracts.  Waiting
to hear from Hertfordshire.  And Leiden.  And LJMU.  Sent just before Christmas.  
Commercial partners - need to hear from arm.  AGB to prompt Olly
Perks.  Katie pushing for 15th Jan.

 - Hydro weak-scaling (Edo)
 - RDMA updates (Peter)
Runs about as fast as MPI.  Struggling to understand what has gone
wrong.  All enhancements in place, but still somewhat slower than expected.
Some possibilities, problem is probably in swift.
Suggestion - add a global dependency on all the timing tasks.  
 - GPU update (Abouzied)
Nothing to update.

 - Individual workpackage update [all]
David - hoping to have a student working on this for a masters
project, but he has got a job instead.  So need to get back to doing
stuff.  Blended delivery of a module this term, so will have to delay
until later.  Thing to look at is caching of mpi call, grav-only calc,
cache bits of the tree.  Fast running particles don't do the long
range calc.  Helps for gravity but not hydro.
Richard - Rudigar Pakemore has solved asynchronous timesteps.  But not
for hydro.  Can do this in arepo, but not exact.  Need to be able to
write down the hamiltonian of the system.  
Dave - different ways of thinking about this.  eg split into linear
and non-linear operator.

- Training (Tobias?)
Starting perf anal workshop - >60 people signed up.
Jonathan leading swift in this.  

- Outreach (?)
Action - Content for website -

 - Others/AOB?
